Hello
Pardon me?
Tianzun, I am at odds with you
What's wrong with the collection?
For a while
All underground forces in more than 300 countries around the world have been dispatched
Blood I Hades Organization is on the street
Within 7 hours
Lost 300,000
Brother, the sword is so strong
I first heard
Jianzun is medical
Finance
Jianzun in various fields of scientific and technological underground forces
I have my doubts.
Now it seems
What you said is true.
A person becomes the sword lord of the underground world
I can't imagine it.
If you become a swordsman in every industry
Isn't that God?
Even if he is a god
I will also make him the god of death
Oh, the leader smashed the phone in anger
Oh, okay, okay, okay.
The brother of the leader Lao Cao is looking for you
Hello
Pardon me?
outrageous
What happened to the leader
A mysterious army marches into northern Europe
Into our lair
Kill all my earth
The building is so good
I didn't expect it.
He is just a Kowloon Hall
There are troops with higher combat power than the regular army
And it's tougher than Lao Tzu
So what do we do now?
Don't be afraid, I still have cards
Can you make him hold the handrail?
Show me your cards